OSDOCS-3826: Updated the compute section (#47934)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sdpolicy-platform.adoc

== Operating system
{product-title} runs on OpenShift 4 and uses Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS as the operating system for all control plane and worker nodes.

== Red Hat Operator support
[id="sdpolicy-red-hat-operator_{context}"]

> Red Hat workloads typically refer to any Red Hat Operator. These Operators may require additional Red Hat subscriptions, and may incur additional cloud infrastructure costs. Some of the Red Hat Operators are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat workloads typically refer to Red Hat-provided operators made available through Operator Hub. Red Hat workloads are not managed by the Red Hat SRE team, and must be deployed on worker nodes. These operators may require additional Red Hat subscriptions, and may incur additional cloud infrastructure costs. Examples of these Red Hat-provided operators are:
```
